# Introduction
The urge to grow and expand with the business is still among the key concerns that guide the decisions and policies in organizations. While any successful business person would like to see an increase in their revenues, customers and level of profitability, they must at all times, endeavor to limit losses as much as possible. In the recent past, leaders, and also business personalities have noted customer satisfaction as a key determinant of such growth and development. Customers are central to every business as they are the potential buyers of business products or services, sources of revenue, and the reason for making profits. This goes a long way in pointing out the need for firms to undertake strategies that see customer retention in place. A relatively newer development is that technological factors have also led to greater business rivalry especially because of the presence of more startups and entrants. Such competition together with an increase in the degree of market saturation implies that it has become increasingly difficult and costly to attract new customers across most industries, which in turn implies that firms must invest in retaining the current clientele. In The Value of Keeping the Right Customers, an article written by Amy Gallo, published 19th February, 2014 the author is so profound in stating that any business should always spend more trying to retain its clientele base than attempting to get new customers. Gallo submits that the expense of getting a new client is between five and twenty-five times more than to retain a current customer and that an increase of 5 percent in customer retention leads to profit increase of between 25 percent to 95 percent. In this context, this project is aimed at creating a prediction model, which can show the patterns concerning customer churning so that action could be taken to prevent this process. In this report we will be using Syriatel Mobile Telecom as our case study
